call me Johnny Martha affectional down
in New York
hello everybody and welcome to my
channel my name is Kayla and this
channel is going to be about Japanese
cooking and I'm gonna be throwing in
some cultural and language lessons as
well so this is my first video so I hope
you enjoy and yeah let's get started
hello hello everybody welcome to my
first episode I am going to be showing
you how to make it on today and this is
a very very simple way of thinking it on
it's not I'm not gonna be showing how to
make the noodles or how to make the
broth or that sheet and deafening it's
just very quick and you can probably
make this in about mmm like 10-15
minutes if you push it if you're on a
rush so yeah I usually have this for
lunch if I don't really feel like
cooking if I don't want to get into the
whole I don't know complex cooking
method and most importantly this tastes
delicious it tastes authentic and it's
really easy to double triple or make as
many as you want so if you have a group
over if you're cooking for your partner
it's quite easy to double up there's
also lots of ways to tweak it I've shown
how to add all the little accessories
and all the little decorations and
toppings but it's totally up to you if
you want to not use green onion or not
use fish cake which is coming before and
Japanese which I'll show you anything
like that so it's completely
customizable which is really great and
easy and delicious so yeah I hope you
enjoy okay so here are the ingredients
you'll need to leave one packet of fish
along and I use Hokkaido divinington
noodle some broth and please look in the
description for an explanation of what
products you use you need 1 green onion
1 egg Sami katenka food which is pickled
radish and some cocoa which is Seema
fish cake so first you're going to want
to boil the water and while the water is
coming to a boil chop the green onion
and so I chopped these kind of thick
here but you're probably going to want
to slice them a little bit thinner than
what I have
because you're gonna want to slice the
commonweal or the fish cake and don't
like this too thick they taste a lot
better when you slice them thinly and
then nicely they took ground which you
want to slice about the same thickness
or maybe a little bit thicker than the
kamaboko or the fish cake and once the
waters come to a boil add the noodles
without breaking them apart once you add
them to the pot then set your timer for
however long the noodles say to take on
the package and add 1/8 and so now we're
gonna make the broth and there's my
little matryoshka measuring cup and for
my broth I use a quarter cup of the
actual broth and I water it down with
some water so what I'm doing is just
bringing it into the quarter cup and
then pray into my mug which measures out
to two cups which is how much broth
you're gonna generally want per dish and
then pouring in the boiling water that
I've already boiled so that when the
noodles are ready I could just pour it
on straight away and it'll be hot
and just set up my table I've put it on
my little pig comes - now you want to
take the noodles and the egg out of the
pot I couldn't film this because I don't
have a tripod that's high enough but
yeah so right now without putting the
broth in you want to put all the little
decorations that egg the chemical
everything on top of the noodles which
are in the finished fold that you want
to serve it in without putting the broth
on you put the broth on last so when
you're decorating it they don't kind of
float away as soon as you put them down
on the noodles everything stays in place
you can put everything where you like
without having it kind of float away and
not look it's pretty neat x1 usually
goes on the side you can add it to the
egg you see on the side also now we're
just adding the broth and I didn't add
all of it because that was enough for me
but it's totally up to you and yep there
you go there's your finished product hi
everybody so I hope you enjoyed watching
my first tutorial please let me know in
the comments below if you liked it or
what I should change it was my first
time doing this and I was kind of
holding a camera with my hand as I was
filming so I'm sorry if it was a little
bit shaky also one more tip before I
leave you guys this here has caused me
so much confusion when I was first
better not kind of getting into Japanese
duration cuisine because I didn't really
know how to use the spoon I thought that
I don't know you just use it to like
drink the broth like you do in Western
cuisine but actually what you do and by
the way this is called the TD dengue and
Japanese I'll have you written some
the screen Chiti dingus and what you do
is you pick up the noodles Bachelor to
eat in the noodles so I can't really do
this but what you do is you pick up the
noodles with your chopsticks and since
they're hot while they're cooling in
order to let them cool faster which I
believe you set them while still holding
them with your chopsticks you set like
this little base like the end of the
noodle in the little area of the spoon
so it's cool so it's not sitting in the
hot broth so it makes it easier to eat
so usually when you're eating you have
the chopsticks in your dominant hand
which is my right and I have the
cheating game or you can just call
so-called like I think
spoon and spoon and Japanese so you hold
it in your left hand and you just kind
of flip the noodles like this it's like
also another fact about Japanese culture
it isn't considered rude when you are
slurping your soup actually your noodles
I think this was only appropriate when
you're eating traditional Japanese foods
like them in auradon or soba not like
spaghetti or things like that but when I
was in Japan the first time I knew this
going over there that slurping the
noodles is a sign that you're enjoying
the food that you think it takes good
never something like that and I tried so
many times to practice before I went
over trying to flirt but it was really
hard for me to kind of learn how to
inhale when I was sucking noodles I
guess that's what you do when you suck
your noodles anyway but it was just so
so hard for me to like inhale and
actually make it sound so the first time
I was out eating I think it was on man
with my host family I was sitting there
eating them and I knew I was doing it
wrong I was just like whole thing that
they wouldn't say anything and they did
and they're like okay that you think it
doesn't taste good
umm so that's when I kind of learned
that you kind of have to do it in Japan
so I tried really hard and now I just
don't even think about it and I just end
up doing it when I'm right
you don't like that but yeah so if you
see Japanese people eating noodles and
they're making a slipper ignore its is
not rude it's actually a compliment to
the chef so yes just that little pack
for you right um but yes this is the end
of my video I hope you enjoyed it please
subscribe I am going to be posting a
little bento box recipe hopefully next
week before Easter and me busting my
butt but I hope I can get it up by then
so I hope you guys enjoyed that and yeah
I'm really excited for this channel I
hope you are too and yes please give me
any constructive criticism anything
below I'm always looking forward to
learn and make this channel the best it
can be so thank you so much guys and
have a great day